good evening everyone
Thursday 6 pm 30 minutes to my right here our spokesman
took out diego muds on the left that i already some df chief cylinder
and we intend every Thursday at 6:30 pm to make matters
most important of the week we analyzed as well as we could right
our doubts that you are started we can next week is
address this issue and thus respond to the demand of all of you and
looking for solutions we really like you to introduce yourself
proposals and ideas that they can ask us to serve the population and also
obviously it's making your life easier we know a lot of things wrong with
monies the ritual is given to roseana at first not so much do says
do a lot that was done wrong
over the past 20 years today morning we've been celebrating the
your 111th birthday I used the word and work will give
controversy at a given moment when I said that in Brazil we owe the forces
armed our democracy that our freedom and so everywhere in the world
and that speech has already started to take the most varied possible interpretations
so your side here more active older more experienced but the situation
having as a minister who is a person who advises us is that person who is not
difficult even always helps us to seek a new
solution not only yours our my statement today lázló andor janeiro
something that leaves a doubt that I would be on the wrong path is controversial.
I talked about what was called in Brazil, they were always there for democracy
and freedom on the plate and there is nothing controversial about finding your
words were said offhand for a qualified exchange and were placed
exactly for those who love in their matter those who live daily the
problem of maintaining democracy and freedom
characterizing and exhorting him to continue to play a role that comes
doing and being the guardians of democracy and freedom and tried to
distort it as if it were a gift from the military or civilians or anything
addition the armed forces are determination pig
constitutional and legal job holders is legal from violence can shock
some but this is what is written and the armed forces are responsible for
this maintenance if you do an example see the example of venezuela because the bush
power is being maintained because the armed forces are holding the
practically deposed president of venezuela because that fidel castro lasted
the time that the power that the Cuban armed forces maintained the dictatorship lasted
then according to the tendency of the armed forces according to the
determination of the forces of nato and this ends up being the fundamental factor of the
country's political regime and in the case of brazil it is clear that the armed forces are
a pillar of freedom democracy and it is not because the sound
I also talked about the bodies of the animals of the
unlike what happened in the past 20 years will be
treated in general with dignity and with respect after all is in all
researches generally by force but firstly in accepting a
champion of the dissident championship the objective civil control advocated by
samuel hut with him and advocates that the armed forces should be the stronghold
of this civilian control and naturally the Brazilian armed forces
already are for vehemently defending democracy
we talk about raising the issue of pension reform a new pension the
military personnel are also subject to the new rule
obviously respecting your specifics
so it was to say that in this new proposal for a new social security it is in first
place fight against the light pide the parliamentarian will retire with the
inss ceiling across five thousand eight hundred reais
so the other categories were not like that our pronouncement there and we right
it is not because what we need to do is a social security reform that will bring
accounts she’s more than just visiting and we don’t want brazil in the future to
turn into a greece where it hit bottom on the economic issue and we
we do expect to approve this reform, which is fine, that parliament is sovereign
to make any possible changes we just hope it’s not too much
dehydrated so that it usually reaches its goal and under recourse to us
investing in jobs security health and education this is what we learn from
new pension reform that we know some people dislike yes we
we will fight privileges and we will show brazil the path of growth
I would like to introduce
the work developed by the communication secretariat is and in consortium with the
Ministry of Economy to facilitate understanding of the project presented by the
our president
we have to help in brazil as information is known to everyone
awaiting a provisional measure the Corinthians that deals with the union tax
that is, the union and perhaps want to understand the contribution of its
associates and he will have to issue the ticket and the worker
if you agree with the cbf he thinks that your union
is really doing a good job to take a year here account in the valley
because I already said that if it were, it is not mandatory
so there was a very good acceptance for society, we hope that the
great majority parliament is not linked to unions approves this measure
because it does justice to everyone in Brazil and you also say that this month
March we spoke three official visits to
countries are united israel and xvii obviously we're going to do something concrete
on these visits do not accept marathons with the ministries interested in this trip
are finalizing the possible proposals for agreements and partnerships we have with this
country and makes travel in my understanding that it was quite profitable for our
brazil for sure i will enjoy and treat
of another subject that was put by a part of the press that way
incorrectly reported that the corporate presidency card had spent
16% more in January 2019 than in January 2018
they forgot that the inauguration period was not in January 2018 it was
the president the other day nor vice president and now in
January 2019 we had the president was leaving power the
president was who was elected plus the vice president
then a whole apparatus for the inauguration the arrival of a foreign president to
other authorities this whole movement is love and it's over
making a corporate card increase to your left and reported as if
had an extravagant which didn’t happen and the increased expense was 16%
now as a fan a global corporate card expense found 28%
unfortunate unfortunately the company took that negative part worth disclosed that
was not so negative because last year's expenditure had a
president just right and in that water there were two presidents and one
vice president a subject that interests you a little while ago we announced that
will start with a project through what will be in the last year the project to
our infrastructure girl the tarcíso which is an army captain who is
formed by the ine that is tendered by the stage camera let's get help
parliament or increase the validity of the driver's license and five to ten
years is a very important spine thing
I talked to Minister Tarsus
but it is impossible for you to travel without getting a ticket and you know that in the end it is
or says trusting that the goal is to reduce accidents is not because today is very
more concerned with looking at the human side of your engagement at all times to
see the winding of the track so a new thing that was raised here from
same party take note of the end of the money the money is yours the fine
you pay a percentage of the toll levy the company has to
apply in maintenance tapurah for painting making the inter wire among other things and
companies now discovering that monitoring can be part of that
type of service that is the behavior are the electronic spines if you spend
a lot of stolen money he touches collected with the toll that in the future
will give more profit to those who are really exploring the spine
electronics that you have a terrible job with regard to maintenance
of the highway our decision we no longer have any new electronic spine in the
Brazil the spines that may exist
many is when it lost its validity
at first, at the beginning, they will not be renewed, I remembered some before I already gave
the line to the region of mambucaba that i already made was also from the river the action of
global car to generate some cast is hell there are dozens 60/70 speed bump
electronics at 60 or 40 an hour and when you walk there in rio de janeiro
copacabana leblon is you walk to 70 plateau is obliged and the membership does not understand
it was exactly in this sense it is worth remembering that the denit, until recently
time was in the hands of political parties
this apartment is now really geared towards working 100% in
benefit of the two
he in the reserve of the brazilian army is the santos son is there in power is in
limit and certainly looks sees space for services we don't have much service and our
government is not worth saying that just military here now again
will make it possible for us to give extra attention to the military who are doing the
zealous work with many civilians also from our government has been doing
now congratulations to your children and congratulations
autarchy right two colleagues over time our academy
military of the black needles doing a good job here at the group's stand
something but stopped at the great says that the information
a curiosity only is the bank of brazil in a public notice opened a tender for
technical assistant and looks only at the rigging level and there in the requirement for
you and technical assistance you had to take diversity courses
and prevention of moral and sexual harassment in education he speaks ongoing in that sense
I called plenary in Brazil he confirmed together with preventing the notice is
true that the mother was being made the demand but that edict snow goal
until March 1 in future notices no longer having this obligation
now the council having you, right, if it was approved recently, it was
required and if bomb had it can go to court to work
although I will try with the bank of Brazil, even if this is avoided if
opens a new term so that people don't have that diversity course and
prevention of moral and sexual harassment can make a contest can be valid and was
in 35 technical assistant courses and 60 then a good professional
in brazil sensus well i thought you are ready
concluded in brazil after all just to talk i will do what i want is that the
Brazil in addition to doing more here in the pss for the love of god, right
the last article here i would watch the video of a lady who was
talking about your daughter's vaccination booklet
the integrated vaccination booklet because the booklet right here in front
says it’s for children aged 9 to 16 from 9 years old and in the end she
had no wallet in hand did not show certain figures that does not go well with all
make sure that boys and girls from nine units have access to that
criticism of the lady we ask people our strengths
can serve as federal health jesus was so go to the health booklet
mental is 2012 Mrs. dilma rousseff and was printed
in large quantities are 40 pages has a lot of information
that yes a lot of good information doesn’t even need the end of it that really
it gets complicated in my understanding if you will think it is not a right
time so it's a suggestion the first one, right, who has a wallet at home gives a
look because it’s going to be in the hands of your genes if you don’t think it’s the
in case you remove these pages here that deals
of this type of subject that we have done here is enough in the violence
I called the minister of health for a date in Mato Grosso do Sul
the wife of the year for him and then the solution is that it was to tell you that he took
will make a new booklet with less for cheaper and its figures
no and we will quickly distribute collect these antennas for the way
right in my head is right and let's not forget something here
the last activity here right tomorrow international women's day and has
in my mother cries with alloy port dealer is with 90 unit out
from the ribeira valley i want to send a hug to all
Brazilian women were kidnapped while we are here because of them
that you are very, very important I am very important and our life the oil
Brazil a kiss in everyone's heart is the president we have here is a
interaction with our internet users and some questions they present to us
I would like to submit to your presentation and appreciation issue of
opening of the bnds can now be here bebeto talked to paulo guedes da
economy is because i usually talk to her i don't have any window
the young man stole loot in any month as an employee are not collaborators
are part of a team that wants Brazil to win and I talked about this
campaign commitment regarding bnds
so I'm taking classes next week
people the climate of union accounts the best tomorrow two professionals
while he will talk about him is what we want is transparency
so I'm going to get ready I'm going to call Mr. Levy that the price of this one for
Brasilia and I will tell him what we want with regard to transparency o
the moment is not until you enter there economist who is very knowledgeable
internet you browse for example how much we lend compulsion to
Brazil with the port of Mariel Cuba You will stay all day maybe arrive
to a conclusion is not obviously a whole person of economics and in the
burial is that there is a lot of difficulty because
so easiness in the transparency of the whole building ps did not only for work in
tatá countries is from Flemish or in here for natural talent so
wanting to see transparent df briefly his photo suit but nobody
remind the president that these stores will become weekly and that they have
the intention of our president to talk directly with you citizen
Brazilian citizen in society who so desire Brazil 1 and strong in the
present and in the future for us for our children and grandchildren is all
Thursdays 880 look I'm going to 13 you already know yourself if it is not possible in
30 works on canvas are possible on Thursday I will do even outside of Brazil
damn i think it is very important in this disclosure it will enrich the
made known by the news and is official information from the president
what is important to know if you have a question for me this doesn’t
we can always have two boys on our side
according to natural demand call i stay at the similar stage we can
call where the defense phenomenon is [ __ ] is military health cism tarcísio
sabariz a of women and a year of uncertainties and china of agriculture
send name is is your terrible ministry we are here the people of
I'm sorry, right, that that normative sound of 21
in March 2014 that the banana import issue was altered by others
the equator has a scene webb problem that is not simply repealing
I think that finally we have the Athena study of China so that this is
information is revoked and put an end to this ghost of banana imports from the
ecuador where you can hardly understand how can a banana get out of the
ecuador is around 10 thousand kilometers passing through the canal
panama rino positions and arrive in a competitive way
there at ceagesp in são paulo if immedia 150 km from são paulo has a slight with
the second bingo and sharing cajati the other municipalities largely to
economy is the band
thank you very much everyone the opportunity very happy to be able to speak directly
with you a square bridge brazil above all and god above all